Title: The Pixel Art Experience Brush Set for Procreate

Markdown Content:
126 ratings

**Ever wanted to do pixel art on the go with your iPad, without leaving your favorite painting app, but thought there aren't real pixel art brushes available for Procreate?**

That was true...until now!

**The Pixel Art Experience Brush Set for Procreate is here to change things up!**

### **It features 116 EPIC pixel brushes for all your pixel art needs!**

This package contains:

**–A 1 pixel size almost pixel-perfect brush!** Why is it almost pixel-perfect and not just pixel-perfect? Well, to this date, it is just impossible to get a 1 pixel size 100% pixel-perfect brush in Procreate due to its brush engine, but this is the closest it can get right now. Let's call it a 99% pixel-perfect brush, if you will! It really works and it works really, really well!

**–A 1 pixel size rough brush.** This brush will paint 2 pixels sometimes, which can give you a more rough pixel art style.

**–A thin to thick pixel brush!** Use pressure to make thinner or thicker pixel lines in one stroke!

**–11 pixel-perfect dithering brushes!** Yes, there are pure pixel-perfection! No weird artifacts or pixel misplacements! Guaranteed!

**–21 pixel pattern brushes!** Complete your pixel art with amazing pixel textures and patterns that will save you a ton of time compared to traditional pixel art!

**–5 pixel noise and shader brushes!**

**–4 special pixel brushes** for quickly painting pixel v**egetation, bricks or chains!**

**–A 14-page Quick Guide PDF in English and Spanish** with everything you need to know about how to use these brushes. It even comes with some pixel art tips and tricks!

**–21/07/21 Update:** 12 new pixel art brushes added!

**–09/08/22 Update: Color palettes!** This update adds 10 different limited color palettes for an amazing retro pixel art look!

**–27/09/22 Update: 10 new brushes added**, including a 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 pixel brushes and more!

**–21/03/23 Update: 20 new brushes added**, including 8 new dithering brushes and 12 new pixel pattern brushes!

–16/12/23: Update: 30 new brushes added! This update includes plenty useful pixel brushes for painting foliage, plants, clouds, stones, bricks, smoke and more!

**–FREE updates:** This brush set will increase over time with new brushes with future updates.

* * *

**(14/01/23) The brushes in this set have been updated to take full advantage of the new Apple Pencil hover feature!** If you have an iPad with hover support, make sure to download this update for the best experience.

* * *

### **The "All-improved Manero Brushes" Update (11/09/24)**

This set now features unique full-color thumbnails and organizes the brushes into categories for improved navigation. Please use dark mode in Procreate to display these custom thumbnails correctly. The set also incorporates custom thumbnails to the brushes themselves in order to better represent how they look at pixel art level. Note that opening any of the brushes in Brush Studio will cause them to lose their custom thumbnails. If this happens, reinstalling the set will restore them. Minor tweaks have been made to the brushes for improved performance.

* * *

_This brush set is only guaranteed to be fully compatible with Procreate 5 and above, please make sure that you have the correct version before purchasing._

**_If you like this brush set, make sure to rate it! This will help me to continue making more amazing brushes for you :)_**

_\*\*\*Update (21/07/21): 12 new pixel art brushes added\*\*\*_

_\*\*\*Update (09/08/22): New addition! 10 limited color palettes\*\*\*_

_\*\*\*Update (27/09/22): 10 new brushes added\*\*\*_

\*\*\*Update 14/01/23: Every single brush in this set has been updated to work with Apple Pencil hover\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 21/03/23: 20 new brushes added\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 09/04/23: Some of the brushes didn't allow the user to change their opacity. That has been fixed, except for the brush called "Pixel Patter 1", because this particular brush doesn't work properly if the opacity is not set to 100%.

\*\*\*Update 16/12/23: 30 new brushes added\*\*\*

\*\*\*The "All-improved Manero Brushes" Update (11/09/24) as explained above\*\*\*

I want this!**5,126** sales

A Procreate Brush Pack with:

##### A 1 pixel size brush

##### A 1 pixel size rough brush

##### A thin to thick pixel brush

##### 11 dithering brushes

##### 21 pixel pattern brushes

##### 5 pixel noise and shader brushes

##### 4 vegetation, bricks and chain brushes

##### A 14-page Quick Guide PDF in English and Spanish

##### 12 NEW brushes! (Sept. 2021 Update)

##### 10 limited color palettes! (Aug. 2022 Update)

##### 10 NEW brushes! (Sept. 2022 Update)

##### 20 NEW brushes! (March 2023 Update)

##### All the brushes have been updated to work with Apple Pencil hover

##### 30 NEW brushes! (December 2023 Update)

##### FREE updates

No refunds allowed

### Ratings

5 stars

98%

4 stars

2%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
