Title: OPTIMAL FUEL 3.0: YOUR NUTRITION PLAYBOOK

Markdown Content:
**We've All Been Lied To.**

### 75% of People Claim They Eat Healthy.Yet, heart disease is the highest it's ever been. Why?

Food organizations and corporations **do not have your best interests** at heart. They are **power & profit churning machines** that only care about increasing their bottom line.

#### Yes, Even at the Expense of Your Health

**Blatant Misinformation Campaigns Are Rampant**

*   The Nutrition space is plagued with a constant stream of outdated and conflicting information.
*   Anyone who avidly keeps up with mainstream nutrition must be left in a state of perpetual confusion.

**One day eggs are bad. The next day eggs are good!**

It's this constant reversal and fear-mongering that's doing nothing for your health but point your money in the direction of industrially made alternatives for the foods we've been eating for millenia.

**Most "Health Foods" Are Not Good For You**

I still remember the day I found out Granola was bad for me  
I was furious...All those times spent topping my oatmeal with granola thinking I was doing something good for my bodyI was in fact, feeding it poison.

**It's Not Your Fault.**

#### Everyone has been lied to. Including myself. It took me YEARS of reading and chancing upon the right information to figure it out.I had to learn, unlearn and relearn.

**"Diets" Do Not Work**

*   The word "Diet" itself insinuates a short term, temporary fix
*   Optimizing Nutrition is about living a LIFESTYLE you never want to "cheat"

Don't blame yourself for struggling to achieve results with these fad diets. The premise of the dream you were being sold is WRONG.

**_Optimal Fuel offers you the chance to discern truth from all these lies, without spending months and years researching_**

### What You'll Be Getting:

**PART 1: NUTRITION**

*   **CHAPTER 1: POISONS TO AVOID**
*   **CHAPTER 2: UNDERSTANDING NUTRIENTS**
*   **CHAPTER 3: THE TRUTH ABOUT CHOLESTEROL**
*   **CHAPTER 4: THE NECESSITY OF SALT**
*   **CHAPTER 5: DIET IDEOLOGIES**
*   **CHAPTER 6: OPTIMIZING GUT HEALTH**
*   **CHAPTER 7: PROPER HYDRATION**
*   **CHAPTER 8: ORGANIC & PASTURE RAISED**
*   **CHAPTER 9: SUPPLEMENTATION**

**PART 2: FOOD GROUPS**

*   **CHAPTER 10: RED MEAT**
*   **CHAPTER 11: UNDERSTANDING POULTRY**
*   **CHAPTER 12: FISH & FRIENDS**
*   **CHAPTER 13: ALL ABOUT DAIRY**
*   **CHAPTER 14: HERBS & SPICES**
*   **CHAPTER 15: VEGETABLES, NUTS & GRAIN**
*   **CHAPTER 16: SUPERFOODS OF THE WORLD**

**PART 3: TECHNIQUES**

*   **CHAPTER 17: KITCHEN EQUIPMENT**
*   **CHAPTER 18: CULINARY FUNDAMENTALS**
*   **CHAPTER 19: GENERAL TECHNIQUES**
*   **CHAPTER 20: EGG TECHNIQUES**
*   **CHAPTER 21: CHICKEN TECHNIQUES**
*   **CHAPTER 22: COOKING THE BEST STEAKS**
*   **CHAPTER 23: GELATINOUS CUTS**
*   **CHAPTER 24: FISH TECHNIQUES**
*   **CHAPTER 25: BROTHS & STOCK**
*   **CHAPTER 26: BREAD & SOURDOUGH**

**PART 4: RECIPES**

*   **CHAPTER 27: BREAKFAST**
*   **CHAPTER 28: MAINS**
*   **CHAPTER 29: SIDES**
*   **CHAPTER 29: SAUCES & CONDIMENTS**

**BONUS MATERIAL**

*   **YOUR GUIDE TO SYSTEMS**
*   **CHATGPT FOR FOOD**

Every purchase also grants you _lifetime access._ Meaning, you get access to every new version at the fixed price that you paid for.

_v1.0 published 28th February 2022  
v1.1 published 20th March 2022  
v2.0 published 30th January 2023_  
_v3.0 published 27th November 2023_

What Everyone's Been Saying:

If you want a more personalized program that's tailored to your needs, you can look here.

* * *

_Disclaimer: The information provided in Optimal Fuel is for general educational and informational purposes only. It is not intended to be a substitute or provide professional medical advice, medical diagnosis, or treatment.The author of this book is not a licensed medical professional, and the information provided in this book should not be considered a substitute for the advice of a qualified healthcare professional.

_

_If you have or suspect that you have a medical condition, please consult your physician or healthcare provider. You should not disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking it because of something you have read in this book. All sales are final._
