Title: nvk_WORKFLOW - Instant Game Audio in Reaper

Markdown Content:
### nvk\_WORKFLOW - Instant Game Audio in Reaper

37 ratings

I want this!

37 ratings

nvk\_WORKFLOW 2 is the latest installment in a comprehensive game audio workflow for Reaper. It comes with three collections of scripts: FOLDER\_ITEMS, TAKES, and SUBPROJECT. These scripts work together to enable a workflow that is fast, flexible, and full of creative possibilities.

### Features

*   Automatically generate folder items
*   Edit multiple assets simultaneously
*   Quickly create variations of layered items
*   Select takes with region detection
*   Create subprojects from selected items

### Support

User Guide

Installation

EULA

Need help? Email [support@nvk.tools](mailto:support@nvk.tools)

I want this!30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%

---

Title: nvk.tools | nvk.tools

Markdown Content:

Discover the fastest sound design workflow for Reaper

Reaper scripts designed for game audio

nvk\_AUTODOPPLER 2

Write doppler automation from item peaks

nvk\_CREATE

Create layered sounds automatically

nvk\_LOOPMAKER 2

Advanced zero-crossing loops

nvk\_SEARCH

Search for almost anything in Reaper

nvk\_VARIATIONS

Make unique variations of sounds

nvk\_WORKFLOW 2

A comprehensive game audio workflow

nvk\_AUTODOPPLER 2

Instant Doppler Effects in Reaper

*   Generate precise doppler automation based on item peaks
*   Tweak doppler times and curves for multiple items or groups
*   Extreme doppler effects with included nvk\_DOPPLER plug-in
*   Support for third-party doppler plug-ins including Tonsturm Traveler, Waves Doppler, GRM Doppler, Sound Particles Doppler, and Tonsturm DopplerPRO
*   Write automation for any plug-in with custom mode

With a modern look and feel

nvk\_THEME

A Modern Theme for Reaper

*   A modern Reaper theme with customizable colors, layouts, and more
*   Automatic track coloring based on track hierarchy
*   Customizable track FX buttons
*   Configurable transport toolbar
*   Deep integration with nvk.tools scripts

Trusted by game audio professionals

“

The older I get the more I realize that time is the most valuable resource.

nvk.tools scripts are the cornerstone of my sound design workflow and have saved me countless hours since I started using them.

These intuitive and versatile tools help me stay in a flow state longer, maximizing creativity and efficiency.

”

Paul StoughtonSenior Sound Designer at Sweet Justice  
Founder of Penguin Grenade

“

nvk\_WORKFLOW, as the name implies, is central to my Reaper workflow. It has made editing, rendering and making variations so much faster for me.

nvk\_CREATE is an amazing tool for quickly trying ideas and finding inspiration.

nvk.tools are like a Mario super mushroom for Reaper. Fast, powerful and inspiring. I use them every day and will never go back.

”

“

It's rare to get workflows that are tailor-made for sound designer's needs, but nvk.tools really deliver on making iterating on assets fast and easy.

At this point they are essentials in my tool belt, I tell everyone on my team to get them!

”

“

nvk.tools are a game changer when it comes to my sound design workflow.

They transform Reaper into a tool purpose-built for the needs of game sound designers, speeding up iteration time and helping me translate the sound in my head into the DAW with as little friction as possible.

I'd recommend that anyone in this line of work check them out!

”

Max HarchikSenior Sound Designer at Blizzard Entertainment
