Title: Dank Sauces Rack Pack (Ableton Live 11+ Suite)

Markdown Content:
### Dank Sauces Rack Pack (Ableton Live 11+ Suite)

25 ratings

I want this!

25 ratings

**_Please make sure you are updated to Live 11.3.2 before using or else racks won’t work!!_**

These are 69 racks I've made and have been using over the years to help make my workflow faster in Ableton, ranging from Compression and Loudness, to Sound Design, to Sends and Master Channels, and General Utilities.

**Sound Design:**

*   Artifactory - Generates artifacts from the tails of your sound
*   Artifactory Overkill - Generates artifacts from the tails of your sound... but to the extreme
*   Background Laser Rack - Makes lasers out of any sound
*   Big Growler - A heavy growl filter for basses
*   Hi-End Sub Beefer for Sub Bass - Gives a crisp distortion to the high end of your sub bass without messing with the original sub frequencies
*   Ridemaker - Makes ride drums from transients
*   Snare Chromifier - Makes metallic snares from transients
*   Splaces Bloopy - An alien beep boop generator that is most effective on high end or noisy sounds with many transients
*   Squishy Virus - Makes any sound squishy
*   Syncopation Wubs - A wub generator starter kit to give a syncopated rhythmic feel
*   **Seasoning Racks:**
    *   Arp Buddy - Enhances arps or melodies to simulate stars around your ears
    *   Good Time - A chain of effects to give your sound a bold feel
    *   RC-22 - A smaller emulation of the RC-20 vst that focuses on vibrato and texture
    *   Sidechain Reverb - A reverb that ducks to the amplitude of your sound

**Compression and Loudness:**

*   Bass Enhancer - Tightens and lightly saturate sub basses for each note
    *   Includes variations for A440 (Standard Tuning), A432, A444, and A453
*   Digital Clipper - Soft Clipping to boost loudness while giving space for your other tracks
*   Dynamic EQ - EQ that compresses or expands to the amplitude of your sounds
*   OTT x10 - The OTT Multiband Dynamics preset with a Multiply knob to duplicate your OTTs while also having knobs to adjust the key parameters of them all.
*   OTT-MBC Switcher - Switch Between OTT and Multiband Compression presets to determine which best suits your sounds, includes multipliers up to x3 and key parameter macros

**Rack Utilities:**

*   EQ Tilt Rack - A tilt EQ, since ableton didn't include one themselves
*   Hi-Lo Splitter MB - A way to split high and low frequencies with minimal phasing issues
*   Mid-Side Width Rack - A knob to make your sounds more "narrow"
*   Multiband Splitter Rack - Splits your high, mid, and low frequencies with minimal phasing issues
*   Random LFOs - A macro starter kit to make your automations unpredictable
*   Right-Left Splitter - Splits your sound into right and left channels, perfect for creating your own haas effect with any chain

**Sends:**

*   Compression Buss - A rack to drop into a send channel to add parallel compression to your sounds
*   Sidechain Switch - A rack to drop into a send channel or group to switch between and compare three different effects for sidechaining
*   Wide Buss - A rack to drop into a send channel to add parallel stereo field processing to your sounds
*   Wide Buss II - Another rack to drop into a send channel to add parallel stereo field processing to your sounds
*   Basic Master Channel - A starter kit rack for your master channel or premaster.

**FREE UPDATE #1: (Jan 2, 2023)**

*   Factory Mod - Add industrial touches to sounds, nice on basses.
*   GawZAYUM - A Wubmaker that adds multiple reverb + distortion and volume automation controlled by LFO. Play staccato bass notes to get the cool sound.
*   Retro Telephone Effect - A filter that's useful for fakeout drops or intros, beefed with chorus and multiband compression.
*   EQ Multiplier - EQ bells that you can automate frequency/loudness and multiply the effect. Think of this as a magnifying glass but really loud and you'll need a limiter. Please protect your ears.
*   Shifter Multiplier - Multiply frequency shifters with the same parameters to add glitchy artifacts to your sounds. Also very loud, use as background fx and turn down a lot.
*   Phase Out - The classic frequency shifter phase out effect like in bad guy by billie eilish, but simplified to one knob.
*   Volume Macro - Literally just a utility volume knob but capped at 0dB. Very useful if you use shapers, LFOs, and envelope follower type devices to automate volume.

**FREE UPDATE #2: (Feb 23, 2023)**

*   Drum Buddy - Transform your drums to have new timbres, works great on snares.
*   LoFi Drum Buss - Glue your drum group together with a vintage sound or reduce the all around intensity.
*   RC-23 - My stock take on RC-20, but upgraded with more controls and effects to give your synths an old-school feel.
*   Bass Garbage - My stock take on Izotope Trash2, makes nasty industrial sounds.
*   Lil Texturizer - Transform noisy sounds into high or low end ASMR-like ear candy.
*   Big Texturizer - Lil Texturizer but on grainy steroids.
*   Color Washer for Noise - Transform noisy sounds into color bass chords, with easy access to scale and progression.
*   Color Wind Generator - Creates colorful ambiences with similar controls to Color Washer for Noise
*   Fucked Up Vocoder - This rack is fucked up and i cannot explain it
*   Dynamic Noise Topper - Spice up low frequency sounds with stereo noise that adapts to the volume of the incoming signal
*   Stereo Grain - Easy access to create width in narrow or mono sounds
*   Fine Tune Macro - A simple one knob reduction for frequency shifting sounds like drums

**FREE UPDATE #3: (May 24, 2023)**

*   Bigverbifier - My go-to for introducing big noises in a cinematic way (especially bass wubs)
*   The Beefalator - A classic for making your wimpy drums (or any sound really) hit the hardness that you want it to
*   Arp Buddy Mk. II - An evolution from the previous arp buddy for more graininess and spectral resolution control
*   Depthifier Multiplier - A new favorite of mine for either adding some slight depth (like salt and pepper in a meal), or making an absolute character out of a sound
*   Wash n Throw - A great way to transition from sections of your songs or emphasize reverb throws, with options to change the type of reverb with a knob
*   404 Vinyl Sim - An emulation of the vinyl sim effect from the Roland SP404 MkII sampler.
*   Drone Starter - My secret weapon for adding background effects, you can throw it on literally any sound and it will fit in the background.
*   Room Picker - a cool way to characterize your sounds with convolution. Phase scope advised.
*   Beat Spammer - A rack made for spamming the random button to glitch out a sound. Use this for mudpies
*   Basically LFO Tool - My take on lfo tool because i will never buy it :)
*   Dynamic Grainer - Another new take to season and texture sounds in a different way
*   Phase Invert Scroller Ø - A utility for inverting phase on right, left, or none. Handy for some sounds using 100% wet convolution

**FREE UPDATE #4: (Oct 1, 2023)**

*   Drippy Sprinklies - Retextures the incoming signal to sound like it's dripping from a faucet
*   FX Mudpie Maker - An easy way to turn one shots or other sound into elongated textures for your track
*   Sampled Vocal - A rack to slap on a vocal you're sampling to make it fit into your track easily
*   Wet Snare - Makes your clap/snare bend into your track more , can also retexturize into metallic sounds
*   LFO Vocal - An emulation of skrillex kind of vocal modulation
*   phaser lol - Control up to 10 phasers at once for an exaggerated sound
*   Push DJ FX - An easy way to add effects while playing live on push (can be used in contexts other than push)
*   Analog Subtle Pitch Wander - A slightly unstable pitch wandering effect (great for melodic bits)

**Preset Selecta Rack Pack Add-On:**

Randomizable Preset Selector Racks for _MOST_ Ableton devices including MIDI devices and ones for Suite Edition. Includes Racks that pick any random preset of effects included in each rack.

**Instrument Racks include:**

*   Stock Ableton Drum Selector
*   Random Operator Synth Generator

**Multiple Effect Racks include:**

*   All Standard Devices Randomizer
    *   has x3 and x5 variations
*   Clean Standard Devices Randomizer
    *   removed harsh presets from All Standard Devices Randomizer
    *   has x3 and x5 variations
*   Essential Suite Devices Randomizer
    *   has x3 and x5 variations
*   Clean Suite Devices Randomizer
    
    *   removed harsh presets from Essential Suite Devices Randomizer
    
    *   has x3 and x5 variations
*   Random EQ Selector
*   Random Distortion Selector
*   Random Reverb Selector

**Single-Device Effect Racks include:**

*   Preset randomizers for all MIDI device presets
*   Preset randomizers for all Audio Effect device presets except Utility

**_DISCLAIMER: Some of these racks are \*\*\*\*\*very\*\*\*\*\* cpu intensive_**\*

**_UPDATE ABLETON TO LATEST VERSION BEFORE USING OR ELSE RACKS WONT WORK_**

I want this!

69+ Handcrafted Ableton Racks

##### Compression and Loudness

5 Racks

##### Sends + Master Chain

5 Racks

No refunds allowed

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
