Title: Pro Zooms For Final Cut Pro

Markdown Content:
**Important:** I have merged my store to  To receive free updates for life on this plugin, please purchase from.

Get rid of Final Cut Pro's frustrating keyframe system, and level up your editing with this powerful zoom plugin!

Built from the ground up with simplicity for editors in mind.

Featuring extremely easy to use On Screen Controls, complete control over speed settings, zoom modes and pan modes. Plus everything has been created to work perfectly with square and vertical video formats!

**IMPORTANT:**

**There is currently an issue with Final Cut Pro 10.8 that makes the On Screen Controls unusable with a trackpad. If you are planning on purchasing, and use a trackpad to edit, I would recommend holding off until FCP 10.8.1+ is released, so that those issues can be addressed!**

**Requires Final Cut Pro 10.4+**

* * *

**Pro Zoom :**

A 0-2 second zoom that allows you to punch in on a subject in your video.

**Pro Pan :**

Works with Pro Zoom, allows you to pan the camera to a new destination AFTER you have already zoomed in. Must be applied underneath Pro Zoom.

**Pro Multi Pan :**

Dramatically speeds up the pan animation process, and enables easy multiple pan animations.

**Pro Focus :**

Easily draw focus to whatever you want on screen with this easy-to

**Pro Burns :**

A zoom that can be stretched out to infinity. Acts just like the Ken Burns feature in Final Cut Pro, but adds functionality such as adding stopping points and rotation.

**Pro Burns Pan :**

Works with Pro Burns, but allows you to move the camera in a different direction midway through a camera zoom. Must be applied underneath Pro Burns.

**Vertical Formats :**

Every one of these formats automatically to a vertical and square version. So you can use this to create your latest Short, TikTok and Reel!

**🔒 Scale Lock :**

Lock the zoom from going past 200% or 150% so you know you're not losing any extra resolution!

**🧅 Onion Skinning :**

Clearly see where your original shot was so you can quickly line up your eye-line from wide to zoom!

🔪**Smart Sharpening :**

Dynamically sharpens the video as you zoom in with smart sharpening algorithms!

**Effect & Title Versions :**

Apply these as a title when you want an entire scene to zoom or pan. Or apply it as an effect to individual layers to draw attention to a certain subject!

---

Title: Dylan Bates • The Final Cut Bro

Markdown Content:
**MOTION TOOLS PLUGIN with 100+ Tools for Final Cut Pro**

**Final Cut Pro 10.6+ Required For The Plugin To Work**

Motion Tools is a comprehensive pack of tools already found in Apple Motion, but never published to Final Cut Pro.

* * *

MOTION TOOLS **FREE** INCLUDES

• 3D Transform

*   Motion Path - A powerful tool for quickly animating any object inside of Final Cut Pro.
*   Spin - Consistently applies a rotation onto any layer in Final Cut Pro
*   Grow / Shrink - Consistently applies a scale animation to any layer in Final Cut Pro
*   Move To / From - Applies an automatic animation to move your layer to anywhere on the screen, then moves it back to its original position 
*   Oscillate - Quickly and easily apply hover animations onto any layer in FCP
*   Overshoot - A beautifully dynamic pop in animation to use however you'd like
*   3 Levels of Motion Blur
*   Light • 16 Samples 180º Shutter
*   Medium • 32 Samples 360º Shutter
*   Heavy 64 Samples 720• Shutter

Take your editing to the next level with Motion Tools ULTIMATE! Which features over 160+ tools and effects for Final Cut Pro.

• Basic Motion • 

1\. Motion Path • Move • Spin • Fade In / Out • Grow / Shrink • Throw • Overshoot Behavior • Oscillate Behavior • Sliced Scale • 3 Levels Of Motion Blur

**• Blur •**

Channel Blur • Circle Blur • Compound Blur • Defocus • Gaussian Blur + • Gradient Blur • Soft Focus • Variable Blur

**• Border •**

Bevel • Simple Border + • Stroke

**• Color •**

Brightness • Channel Mixer • Color Balance • Color Reduce • Contrast • Gamma • Gradient Colorize • OpenEXR Tone Map • Threshold +

**• Distortion •**

Black Hole • Bulge • Bump Map • Disk Warp • Droplet + • Earthquake + • Fisheye + • Fun House + • Glass Block + • Glass Distortion • Insect Eye • Page Curl • Poke • Polar • Refraction • Ring Lens • Ripple • Scrape + • Sphere • Starburst • Stripes • Target • Tiny Planet • Twirl • Underwater + • Wave +

**• Glow •**

Aura + • Bloom + • Glint • Gloom • Glow + • Light Rays • Outer Glow • Overdrive

**• Keying •**

Matte Magic • Spill Suppression

**• Replicators •**

Box Replicator • Burst Replicator • Circle Replicator • Line Replicator • Point Replicator • Rectangle Replicator • Sphere Replicator • Spiral Replicator • Wave Replicator

**• Sharpen •**

Sharpen + • Unsharp Mask

**• Stylize •**

Add Noise + • Bad Film • Bad TV + • Circle Emboss • Circle Screen • Circles • Comic + • Crystallize • Edges • Extrude • Hatched Screen • Highpass • Indent • Line Art • MinMax • Noise Dissolve • Posterize • Relief • Slit Scan • Slit Tunnel • Texture Screen • Wavy Screen

**• Tiling •**

Offset • Parallelogram Tile • Perspective • Random Tile • Tile + • Triangle Tile

**• Video •**

Deinterlace

**• Time •**

Echo • Scrub • Strobe • WideTime

**• Generators •**

Caustics • Cellular • Checkerboard • Clouds • Color Solid • Concentric Polka Dots • Concentric Shapes • Grid • Japanese Pattern • Lens Flare • Manga Lines • Membrane • Noise • One Color Ray • Op Art 1 • Op Art 2 • Op Art 3 • Overlapping Circles • Radial Bars • Soft Gradient • Spiral Drawing • Spirals • Star • Stripes • Sunburst • Truchet Tiles • Two Color Ray • Numbers • Timecode +
