Title: Ultimate CP Powergrade

Markdown Content:
### Ultimate CP Powergrade

22 ratings

Buy this

22 ratings

**Ultimate Colorgrading Process**

Ultimage CP is the most competent and hybrid of all powergrades for unique video rendering. It's no longer a question of colorimetry, it's about creating unique, cinema-like images with character that will be different from what you see in many videographers.

Designed for **LOG, Raw & Rec709** sequences.

**Tested and approved on the following cameras :**

Sony-Canon-Nikon-Fujifilm-Blackmagic-Panasonic-Arri-Red-DJI

* * *

### **This powergrade is designed to offer all types of rendering :** 🧨

*   **_Gloowy rendering_** to get the most out of your lights
*   **_Vintage rendering_** for a wonderful film look
*   **_Natural & flat_** rendering for professional needs.

* * *

### **What's inside?** 🧳

*   1 Powergrade (.dpx & .drx files)
*   1 PDF Explanation of each node (48 pages)
*   \+ 1 Bonus video tutorial (11 min)
*   Possibility of using Kodak 2383 and Fujifilm 3513 film emulations

Compatible only with DaVinci Resolve (Make sure you have at least the DaVinci Resolve 19 update)

* * *

* * *

### **How do you use it ?** 🖥

For ease of understanding, remember to follow the video tutorial and read the pdf. The first time you use it, you'll be able to choose between a classic log to rec709 conversion or a conversion using the film emulation format, so you'll already have a look inspired by the finest films.  
It's important to respect the order of the schema, as it's designed to optimize your renderings.You can also use it on videos in rec709, simply by deactivating the conversion nodes.

* * *

### **You have a problem ?** 🔓

If you have any problems with installation or use, I'm always available on instagram or by mail to help you!  
Let's create the most beautiful Colorgrading community.

Buy this**263** sales

Designed for LOG, Raw & Rec709 sequences.

##### Tested and approved on the following cameras : Sony-Canon-Nikon-Fujifilm-Blackmagic-Panasonic-Arri-Red-DJI

No refunds allowed

### Ratings

5 stars

95%

4 stars

5%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
