Title: The Cinematic Gym lut pack

Markdown Content:
### The Cinematic Gym lut pack

9 ratings

Buy this

9 ratings

These presests are designed for any footage, if you shoot log just simply add a conversion base lut before this (you can directly from sony website or other third party sites) and with standard footage lower opacity and adjust corrections like temp, contrast, highlights and shadows. These are compatible with Premiere pro, Davinci Resolve & Final Cut Pro.

It's important to remember that these looks are a great way to expeditie color grading but you may have to adjust the strength of the looks to get the look you want and apply any color correcting needed. These luts are perfect for a customizable look that makes your footage standout and are exactly what I use on my footage!

Simply just download and import onto your preferred software.

Instructions For Cap Cut Users:

1.) Download files to your computer. Download desktop version of Cap Cut.

2.) Add footage into the timeline as if you were on your phone.

3.) Click the "adjustments" button next to the "filters" button. Select "LUT" then "Import."

4.) Next, Import my filters.

5.) Enjoy :)

INCLUDES:

5 CUSTOMIZED LUTS

(any questions just dm on Instagram @merik.hodgins)

Buy thisFive customizable luts you can use on any footage! be sure to adjust things to your liking these are plug in play but you may need to tweak according to how you shot your footage

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

78%

4 stars

11%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

11%
