Title: Resolume Camera Effects

Markdown Content:
**Resolume Camera Effects:**

**2 Versions Available, _Standard_ or _Launch Week Edition_:**

20 Camera Effects ready to go all inside of base Resolume! (**Launch Week Edition** contains an exclusive **5 BONUS** effects)

\~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

No Additional Plug-ins Required!

Realtime Effects give you the power to adjust any parameter on the fly for fine tune adjustment to any stage or environment

Preset Dashboard Links for easy tweaking on the fly

!! **Not a Wire Patch** !! – These have been designed as ‘_clips’_ to be layered on top of your camera.

Made on Resolume Arena 7.20.1

* * *

### **Tips and Tricks:**

Pair with **Nvidia Broadcast** and use a **background blur** and/or **removal** for a better look (or if you need to reduce that annoying feedback)

Use the premade **Dashboard Encoders** to adjust any effect as needed

Add an **Auto Mask** to your Source

* * *

### **Roadmap:**

Version 1.0: Released 07/05/2024

Version 2.0: Coming 2025 - Converted to wire patches. More looks. Price increased.

* * *

### **How To Install and Use:**

**1)** Open up the composition/show/project file in Arena

**2)** Save the project file as your own

**3)** Copy the effects to any previous showfile by:

*   _3a)_ Open as a deck into current showfile -\> Copy and paste between decks.
*   _3b)_ Copy all effects -\>Open desired showfile and paste in (your clipboard saves across opening and closing different showfiles)

**4)** Tweak, adjust, and enjoy!
