Title: Essential Motion 3.1 - World-class Premiere Pro Motion Presets

Markdown Content:
### Essential Motion 3.1 - World-class Premiere Pro Motion Presets

274 ratings

I want this!

274 ratings

### Explainer Video

Watch the launch video to learn about all the juicy details 😄

**Flexible and easy to use**

All presets can be used on adjustment layers which lets you apply this effect to multiple layers (ie. graphics) at the same time.

To apply it you simply drag and drop from the Effects panel.

Use scenarios are endless. From feature films to talking head videos.

**Fast render time**

All presets are GPU accelerated and resolution-independent.

You can use it for 4K, UHD, 1080p timelines as well as for vertical and square aspect ratios.

**Customizable**

You can access keyframes and adjust the speed if you need to.

With anchor type information provided, you can not only make changes to presets easily but also have total control over the results.

Often times when we get a plugin or a preset to improve our editing arsenals, we are fixing a problem, but we're also adding an extra step. It's time for you to switch it up and actually save time while editing. That's why we created a preset pack called Essential Motion.

We're fixing a non-creative problem: You're wasting time! Stop creating new keyframes for every zoom you want to add to a clip. Use these simple drag & drop, non-destructive presets instead, and adjust if necessary. You will already start saving time today, and it will really add up in the long run. Think about the many things you can do with extra time: ginally watch that last season of Seinfeld, learn a new song on your octobass, learn to play the octobass, get married to that girl you've been dating for 12 years (it's time)... so many possibilities!

All **40 presets** are as flexible as we could have made them: resolution-independent, easily accessible keyframes, can be used in a wide variety of scenarios and they're all GPU accelerated.

I want this!**69,230** sales

Watch link provided after purchase

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

97%

4 stars

1%

3 stars

1%

2 stars

0%

1 star

1%

Get Ultimate Premiere Pro Presets! All-in-one Premium Preset Pack You Didn't Know You Needed.

ULTIMATE Presets for Premiere Pro

7 ratings

### **Explainer Video**

Watch the launch video to learn about all the juicy details 😄

### **What presets are in the pack?**

1.  Essential Motion (40 presets)
2.  Extended Motion (32 presets)
3.  Essential Exports (17 presets)
4.  Template Project Files and Folders (6 templates)
5.  Template Folder Structure (2 templates)
6.  Essential Metadata Overlays (10 presets) \[video demonstration\]
7.  Metadata Display (6 presets)
8.  Essential Guides (12 presets)
9.  Essential Lumetri (16 presets)
10.  Essential Picture-in-Picture (16 presets) \[video demonstration\]
11.  Essential Tracks (9 presets)
12.  Essential Labels (3 presets)
13.  Essential Text Styles (10 presets)
14.  Essential Audio (16 presets)
15.  Essential Miscellaneous (12 presets)
16.  CTTP Shortcuts Layout (1 shortcuts file)

Overall it's 208 presets that will speed up your editing process.

**And you can use them however you want - for a video from vacation or a TV commercial you're cutting for a big ad agency.**

Additionally, if you purchase the $59 version, you will have access to future updates, including new presets that I will be adding to the pack. You will also be able to submit preset requests through a form I have created. **This means the pack will continue to expand over the years!**

* * *

Often when we get a plugin or a preset to improve our editing arsenals, we are fixing a problem, but we're also adding an extra step. It's time for you to switch it up and actually save time while editing.

We're fixing a non-creative problem: you're wasting time! Stop:

*   creating new keyframes for every zoom you want to add to a clip,
*   clicking 10 times to set the guides just the way you need them,
*   re-applying Warp Stabilizer with default settings.

With Ultimate Presets you will start saving time today and it will add up in the long run. Think about the many things you can do with extra time: finally watch that last season of Seinfeld, learn to play the octobass, get married to that girl you've been dating for 12 years (it's time)... so many possibilities!

### **Versatile**

Almost all of the presets can be used on adjustment layers which lets you apply this effect to multiple layers (ie. graphics) at the same time.

To apply the presets you simply drag and drop from the Effects panel.

### **Fast render time**

All of the presets are GPU-accelerated and resolution-independent.

You can use them in 4K, UHD, 1080p timelines, and for vertical and square aspect ratios.

### **Customizable**

You can access keyframes and adjust the speed if you need to.

With anchor-type information provided, you can make changes to presets easily and have total control over the results.

All **208 presets** are as flexible as we could have made them: resolution-independent, easily accessible keyframes, can be used in a wide variety of scenarios and they're all GPU accelerated.

I want this!Watch link provided after purchase

208 Presets to Streamline Editing in Premiere Pro

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
