Title: PAY YOURSELF (The RIGHT Way)

Markdown Content:
### PAY YOURSELF (The RIGHT Way)

5 ratings

Buy this

5 ratings

A welcoming hello to all my freedom seekers! I am just sharing the information freely at my will and I myself am not giving any legal or tax advice. I’ve personally done what i am sharing with you today, and have seen the results with my own eyes as a witness that its true. I’m Just sharing information I’ve applied. As you may already know there are multiple ways to receive remedy. This is just one way. You can apply multiple methods , multiple ways and get similar results.

You can fill out documentation for your estate, trust or your SSN person. These examples are to pay yourself via SSN person.

A few documents we will be using for this is a 2023 1040 ES which is a reporting of a future draw down… aka prayer.

The 2023 1040 V is a “money order” pulls down the credit you are initially issuing resulting in an overpayment to you while your SSN underwrites this because we are the bank & the 2023 1040 tax return, returns those credits to you which you will be able to view on your transcripts. This simple yet effective information offsets the ledger. One funds the credit side & the other funds the debit side so it is balanced. The first thing to do is fill out the documents shown on the example both front & back sides. Next you will mail your package ( 2023 1040 ES & 2023 1040 V ) overnight express with a green return receipt to the address listed on the 2023 1040 ES . Once you view it on your transcript’s then you can send the 2023 1040 tax return at a later date .

Buy thisWatch link provided after purchase

Sometimes the facts are odder than fiction. A simple way to funding your social security trust. —ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

80%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

20%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
