Title: Goldbach Trading - WITH Discord access

Markdown Content:
THIS LINK GIVES YOU ACCESS TO HOPIPLAKA's ADVANCED LEARNING CONCEPT DISCORD SERVER

When you buy this book, you are invited to our discord server, where our community will dig deep in what you learned in the book.  
**Don't forget to press the JOIN DISCORD button at check out**.

Currently the platform only offers payments using Visa and PayPal.

Some countries are excluded from using PayPal and GumRoad.  
Should you want to pay in crypto, send an email to [contact@hopiplaka.com](mailto:contact@hopiplaka.com) and put payment in crypto in the title

This book tells you everything you wanted to know about Goldbach trading and power of three dealing ranges.

We're delving into following main topics:  
PRICE  
\- dealing ranges using power of three  
\- pip perfect Goldbach Price levels  
TIME  
\- a simple to use system on how to define the 20-40-60 look back including 12 examples for the year 2022.  
\- AMD cycles  
\- Goldbach Time levels that help you to determine the daily bias and Swing points.

Last but not least, we'll use the Goldbach levels to define the 2 Goldbach algorithms used to deliver price, one of which is the market maker model.  
Algo 1: Market Maker buy/sell Model (MMxM)  
Algo 2: A trending model.

It also contain trading plans with a step by step process, to facilitate your trading style.

You're also entitled for future updates of the book, all included in a one time payment.  
There are no recurring fees to be paid, nor is this an upsell to other products or services.

We also offer you an affiliate partnership, so you can earn back (part of ) what you paid.

disclaimer: by no means we claim to have solved enigma, imp, the market mechanisms, or any other buzzword. This book is not related to ict teachings, although we use some ict terminology.

This book is also no trading advice, no "mentorship", nor a signal service. The discord will also act as an educational addition to the book, and you should not expect trading signals. I also do not offer 1 on 1's currently.

After reading the book, you will also need to work to apply the concepts, there's no spoon feeding here, but it will let you understand what to look for. Every day is a different day, the trading system is designed this way.

As this is an e-book (no hard cover), there is a no-refund policy.
