Title: Virtual Wholesaling Accelerator

Markdown Content:
65 ratings

Virtually wholesaling real estate is simple but not easy! Most people need a structured guide that is relevant to getting started now during this recession. This accelerator is designed to get you 10-30k a month virtual wholesaling when applied. No more competing in over saturated markets! No more wasting time and money trying and failing, I already did it!

I spent hours a day for weeks on YouTube, Instagram, and Facebook groups putting together the framework that allowed me to start this growing business. This course covers everything I did and learned, and that you need to start and thrive in your virtual wholesaling business.

From determining how to choose a virtual market all the way to getting your first deal's wire deposit, I show you the exact steps, systems, and softwares I used to start my business and make it thrive in a few short weeks during the start of Covid-19 and have been flourishing in this business making multiple six figures annually since.

Lets get to this money!

I want this!Watch link provided after purchase

Recording of a two-day live class that covers everything to get started! Day 1 Agenda: Virtual Wholesaling Detailed Overview: 1.Establishing Presence in Your Virtual Market 2.Networking 3.Acquisitions Roadmap: Data/Lead Generation & Marketing, 4.Transaction Coordination 5.Dispositions Roadmap 6.Sample Daily Schedule For A 1-(wo)man Operation 7. Picking Your Virtual Market: a. Real Estate & R.E Law Market Research, b. Neighborhood Grades, c. Demographics, d. Testing Your Virtual Market. 5. Q&A.....Day 2 Agenda: 1. Systems & Softwares (Lists, Skiptracing, Dialers, Textblasting, RVM, etc). 2. Contracts, How-to fill out, and logistics. 3. Q&A

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

95%

4 stars

5%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
