Title: 4x8 Deer Blind Plans

Markdown Content:
1 rating

If you want to build sturdy 4x8 deer blind, these premium plans with step by step 3D diagrams and instructions will help you save time, money and get the job done in a few hours. The plans are designed with efficiency in mind, so you won't waste materials.

This deer blind features a lean to roof and window openings on all sides. A door for easy access is also present. This has a sturdy structure made from 2x4s.

In addition, just a few common tools are necessary, so you don't need a fully equipped and fancy workshop to start making projects! A list with all the tools that are needed is also present, along with Full Cut, Shopping lists and Plan of Cut Diagrams.

_\*See full dimensions in the FEATURED IMAGES._

_\*These are PREMIUM PLANS_

### The PDF file comes with:

*   Cut Diagrams, Parts Lists
*   3D diagrams with detailed step by step instructions
*   Full Cut & Shopping lists
*   COLOR CODE
*   Cut Layout Diagrams (shows how to cut the parts for minimal waste)
*   Tools List, Time & Cost Estimate
*   Measurements are in imperial

Measurements are in imperial. The plans are for personal use only. MyOutdoorPlans or the its legal owners won't be liable for any loss, damage or injury arising from the use of information on this plan. It is your responsibility to make adjustments to the plans, to comply with your local building codes.

*   _Payment is managed by Gumroad and it is safe. Payment is secured by SSL with 128-bit encryption and processed with PCI Compliant service providers. Find out more_ _here__._
*   _Once payment is completed, you will receive an email from Gumroad (look in spam folder as well). Inside the email you have a VIEW CONTENT button. Press the button, then Download._

I want this!**205** sales

You'll get a PDF with step by step diagrams, instructions and a Full Cut and Shopping lists, to build a 4x8 deer blind. Measurements are in imperial, not metric.

No refunds allowed

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
