Title: Vintage Movie Cuts Vol 1 - Classic Movie Vocals Sample Pack

Markdown Content:
65 ratings

**About Vintage Movie Cuts Vol 1**

Vintage Movie Cuts Vol 1 is a collection of up to 940 hand-picked royalty-free vintage movie vocals from 14 classic Hollywood films from the 1930s to 1960s that producers and DJs can use for their beat making, music productions and live performances. These old movie vocals were meticulously edited and cleaned up to meet modern music production, mixing and beat-making standards. The sound is rich, lush and makes for a great addition to the musical toolkit of any producer or DJ!

In this sample pack, you will have the vintage vocals of many (super) famous Hollywood actors including Gary Cooper, Frank Sinatra, Audrey Hephburn, Elizabeth Taylor, Cary Grant, many others in a variety of moods at your fingertips and the nostalgic aesthetic that comes with the sound of classic films.

Be sure to check out our other vocals sample packs like Shaolin Vocals Vol 1 and also spread the word and let other producers know about the largest and best sounding lofi vocals sample pack you can find on the internet.

Discover More Sample Packs

* * *

**Frequently Asked Questions \[FAQ\]**

**Are these samples royalty and copyright free?**

Yes! The vintage movie dialogue samples were all taken from old vintage movies such as Reefer Madness, His Girl Friday, The Inspector General and many others that are now in the public domain. Learn more about the Creative Commons Public Domain license here.

**Are these samples mix-ready?**

Yes! All of the vocal samples have been cleaned up, edited and mixed to immediately sound good in your DAW.

**What genres can I use these samples for?**

These lofi vocals can be used by music producers and beat makers for Lofi, Chillhop, Boom-Bap, House, Dubstep or any other genre you like!

* * *

**The Package Includes**

**Package Title**: Vintage Movie Cuts Vol 1

**Producer**: Mavrik Sounds

**Current Version**: v2.0

**Contents**: 940 .wav audio files, 345 .jpg image files

**File Tempo**: 80 BPM

**Duration**: 58 minutes, 29 seconds

**Package Size**: 1.14GB

**Numbers of movies sampled**: 14

* * *

**_We're looking for affiliates!_**

_Affiliate signup -_ _

_If you have a blog or social media following and would like to talk about this sample pack and_ **_earn a 20% commission_** _for every sale that we receive through you, sign up to become an affiliate using the link above and start earning right now!_

---

Title: Homepage - Creative Commons

Markdown Content:
Homepage - Creative Commons

Skip to content

Creative Commons

Menu

*   Who We Are
*   What We Do
*   Licenses and Tools
*   Blog
*   Support Us

*   Search
*   Donate
*   Explore CC

*   Global NetworkJoin a global community working to strengthen the Commons
    
*   CertificateBecome an expert in creating and engaging with openly licensed materials
    
*   Global SummitAttend our annual event, promoting the power of open licensing
    
*   ChooserGet help choosing the appropriate license for your work
    
*   Search PortalFind engines to search openly licensed material for creative and educational reuse
    
*   Open SourceHelp us build products that maximize creativity and innovation
    
Better Sharing, Brighter Future

“Twenty Years of Creative Commons (in Sixty Seconds)” by Ryan Junell and Glenn Otis Brown for Creative Commons is licensed via CC BY 4.0 and includes adaptations of the multiple open and public domain works. View full licensing and attribution information about all works included in the video on Flickr.

Creative Commons is an international nonprofit organization that empowers people to grow and sustain the thriving commons of shared knowledge and culture we need to address the world's most pressing challenges and create a brighter future for all.

Learn more

The nonprofit behind the licenses and tools the world uses to share

For over 20 years, Creative Commons has supported a global movement built on a belief in the power of open access to knowledge and creativity. From Wikipedia to the Smithsonian, organizations and individuals rely on our work to share billions of historic images, scientific articles, cultural artifacts, educational resources, music, and more!

    “Farmer and his brother making music” by Russell Lee, here cropped, is marked with CC PDM 1.0.
    
    “Flickr photowalk at the Creative Commons Global Summit 2019, Lisbon” by Sebastiaan ter Burg, here cropped, is licensed via CC BY 2.0.
    
    “Novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2” by NIAID, here cropped, is licensed via CC BY 2.0.
    
    “Children kabuki theater in Nagahama (warrior Kumagai, 12 y.o.)” by lensonjapan, here cropped, is licensed via CC BY 2.0.
    
*   Wikipedia
    
    ### 55+ million articles
    
    Every one of Wikipedia's 55 million plus articles are shared openly and freely using a CC license.
    
*   The Met
    
    ### 492,000+ images
    
    All images of public-domain works in the Met's collection are openly available under Creative Commons Zero (CC0).
    
*   Khan Academy
    
    ### 100,000+ lessons
    
    Many of the lessons found on Khan Academy are openly licensed under CC-BY-NC-SA.
    
Latest News

*   ### The AI Action Summit & Civil Society’s (Possible) Impact
    
    by Anna Tumadóttir Events, Sustaining the Commons
    
    The Conciergerie, Paris by Mustang Joe is marked with CC0 1.0.
    
    The Conciergerie, Paris by Mustang Joe is marked with CC0 1.0 On February 10 and 11, 2025, the government of France convened the AI Action Summit, bringing together heads of state, tech leaders, and civil society to discuss global collaboration and action on AI. The event was co-chaired by French President Macron and Indian Prime Minister…
    
*   ### Why Digital Public Goods, including AI, Should Depend on Open Data
    
    by Cable Green, Creative Commons Policy
    
*   ### CC Launches its 2025-2028 Strategic Plan
    
    by Anna Tumadóttir, Creative Commons About CC
    
more posts

Images Attri­bution

view

    Open Data by Auregann is licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0.
    
    Kaleidoscope 2 by Sheila Sund is licensed under CC BY 2.0.
    
Creative Commons

*   Contact
*   Newsletter
*   Privacy
*   Policies
*   Terms

Contact Us

Creative Commons  
PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042

[info@creativecommons.org](mailto:info@creativecommons.org)

*   Bluesky
*   Mastodon
*   Facebook
*   LinkedIn

Subscribe to our Newsletter

Support Our Work

Our work relies on you! Help us keep the Internet free and open.

Donate Now

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by Font Awesome.
