Title: The Watercolor Experience Brush Set for Procreate

Markdown Content:
**The Watercolor Experience Brush Set for Procreate is** my personal journey to achieve **the most realistic and natural possible digital watercolor experience** (not an easy task)...and I'm very happy with the results!

These brushes are made from **real watercolor on real paper** that I carefully painted, scanned and fine-tuned to work as digital brushes. Combined with **high resolution paper textures** and a nice collection of real **watercolor washes sheets and real watercolor stamps** that you can use and mix with your paintings, this is the **ultimate digital tool for watercolor lovers!**

**You can see these brushes in action in the following tutorial:**

This package contains:

**–86 Procreate brushes made from real watercolor in total (including the ones from the various updates mentioned below)**: soft watercolor washes, hard edge brushes, splatters, watercolor drops, some watercolor brushes with water dilution controlled by pressure sensitivity, a few pencils and inkers and one eraser.

**–4 different high resolution paper textures** that you can import into your illustrations for a more realistic feel (recommended to do from the beginning for the best experience while painting).

**–32 real watercolor wash sheets in total (including the ones from the various updates mentioned below)** that you can import into your paintings for an extra layer of watercolor realism.

**–60 real watercolor stamps** **(including the ones from the various updates mentioned below)** that you can import and integrate as you wish into your paintings to add happy and totally intentional watercolor "accidents".

**–An example Procreate file** that you can open in Procreate and see the layers structure and contains more information on how to achieve the best watercolor look with this set.

**–Includes a 19 minutes long video** with an overview of the tools and some tips and tricks on how to use them. Available in English with Spanish subtitles (01/24/21 Update).

**–Spring 2021 Update!** Added: **25 new brushes**, 19 of them with **dual color dynamics** (use the primary and secondary colors in the color picker to go from one color to the other in a single stroke using pressure). **10 new watercolor washes sheets and 10 new watercolor stamps, all made from real watercolor on paper!** (You can identify the new brushes because they have a star icon in their names).

**–Winter 2022 Update! Added: 6 new watercolor wash sheets and 4 new watercolor brushes, specially crafted for a loose watercolor technique.**

A new tutorial is available on how to paint loose with these brushes!

**–Winter 2023 Update!** Added: **2 new watercolor wash sheets** and **10 new type of colorful real watercolor stains** you can use as a base for your digital watercolor paintings!

**You are getting over 190 tools in total for the ultimate digital watercolor experience!**

You will also get any future updates for free, that could contain improvements or new brushes.

A beginner tutorial with these brushes is also available below:

* * *

**(14/01/23) The brushes in this set have been updated to take full advantage of the new Apple Pencil hover feature!** If you have an iPad with hover support, make sure to download this update for the best experience.

* * *

### **The "All-improved Manero Brushes" Update (08/09/24)**

This set now features unique full-color thumbnails and organizes the brushes into categories for improved navigation. Please use dark mode in Procreate to display these custom thumbnails correctly. Note that opening the thumbnails in Brush Studio will cause them to lose their color. If this happens, reinstalling the set will restore them. Some brushes now support barrel roll on compatible iPads (Apple Pencil Pro required). Look for the “Rotate” 🔄 symbol in their names for quick identification. On non-supported iPads, barrel roll brushes will work with azimuth, a feature that allows you to control rotation with the angle of your Apple Pencil. Brushes that use Color Dynamics can now be quickly identified by looking for the “Rainbow” 🌈 symbol in their names. Minor tweaks have been made to the brushes for improved performance.

* * *

Disclaimer: This brush set is only guaranteed to be fully compatible with Procreate 5 and above, please make sure that you have the correct version before purchasing.

If you like this product, make sure to rate it! This will help me to continue making more amazing brushes for you :)

* * *

\*\*\*Update 24/01/21: It now includes a 19 minutes long video with an overview of the tools and tips and tricks on how to use them. Available in English with Spanish subtitles\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 24/04/21 (Spring 2021 update): 25 new brushes, 10 new watercolor sheets and 10 new watercolor stamps added\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 08/01/22 (Winter 2022 update): 6 new watercolor wash sheets and 4 new watercolor brushes added\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 14/01/23: Every single brush in this set has been updated to work with Apple Pencil hover\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 25/02/23 (Winter 2023 update): 2 new watercolor wash sheets and 10 new colorful watercolor stains added\*\*\*

\*\*\*The "All-improved Manero Brushes" Update (08/09/24) as explained above\*\*\*
