Title: Ultimate Dynamic Comic Panels, Balloons and SFX Toolkit for Procreate

Markdown Content:
After months of research and hard work, I proudly present to you **the ultimate tool for creating panels (new!), balloons and sound effects for your comics in Procreate!** It was never so easy and looked so professional! Forget about having to draw by hand every single one of the balloons or sound effects in your comics!

Make no mistake: these are NOT mere balloon stamps that you can't customize at all!

**Unlike other balloon brush sets, this is a tool that allows you for a 100% customization and control over your balloons while remaining easy and fun to use!**

**What is so special about this toolkit?**

–There are **96 different balloon shapes and styles** to choose from (that was originally, there are now **192 in total** with all the updates detailed below!).

–The **thickness of the outline** in these balloons keeps consistency when you change the size of the brushes!

–**8 different dynamic tails** (**10 in total** when counting everything the updates below have added!) that you can point in any direction you want in a single stroke!

–Includes **100 different hand-drawn sound effects!** (**110 SFX brushes in total** with the updates detailed below!)

–Simple and **quick color personalization** to the outline and filling of both balloons and SFX.

–Includes **2 video tutorials in Engilsh and Spanish** with all the info you need to know to get you started! You can also watch the full in-depth tutorial available on my Youtube channel, that you can see above these lines.

**–NEW Update! (07/09/21) 9 brushes for making comic panels in a matter of seconds!** With a new tutorial included in English and Spanish! **The easiest tool for making comic panels available for Procreate** (if there is any other one, which I don't think so).

**–August 2021 MANGA UPDATE!** **20 new balloon brushes and a new tail brush in manga style** have been added. You can finally **draw your manga on the go from start to finish in Procreate!**

**–April 2021 UPDATE!** Additions: **20 new balloon brushes (3 new different styles with multiple aspect ratios), 1 new dynamic tail brush, and 10 new brushes created for drawing custom sound effects!**

**–February 2022 UPDATE!** **22 new comic balloon brushes added!**

**–April 2022 UPDATE! 10 new special comic balloon brushes** with a super precise range of shapes that will adapt to any block of text!

**–December 2022 UPDATE! 24 new comic balloon brushes** have been added!

**–May 2023 UPDATE!** Introducing the **Manero font! A hand-made typography** (with regular and bold variations) **to help you letter your comics with the perfect personal touch.**

–**FREE updates!** I'll make sure to add more balloon styles and new sound effects over time with no extra cost for you!

**Make your life easier and your work more professional with this toolkit!**

* * *

**(14/01/23) The brushes in this set have been updated to take full advantage of the new Apple Pencil hover feature!** If you have an iPad with hover support, make sure to download this update for the best experience. Also **make sure to change the Advanced cursor settings as shown in the image below.** This will allow for each individual brush to adapt the way hover is displayed depending on how the brush works best.

* * *

Disclaimer: Paper textures not included, they were used here for presentation purposes. This toolkit is only guaranteed to be fully compatible with Procreate 5 and above, please make sure that you have the correct version before purchasing.

**If you like this product, make sure to rate it! This will help me to continue making more amazing brushes and tools for you :)**

* * *

\*\*\*Update 04/17/21: 20 new balloon brushes, 1 new dynamic tail brush, and 10 new brushes created for drawing custom sound effects\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 08/17/21: Manga update! 20 new balloon brushes and a new tail brush in manga style have been added\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 07/09/21: 9 new brushes added for easily making comic panels and a new tutorial added in english and spanish\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 08/02/22: 22 new comic balloon brushes added!\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 26/04/22: 10 new comic balloon brushes added!\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 06/12/22: 24 new comic balloon brushes added!\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 14/01/23: Every single brush in this set has been updated to work with Apple Pencil hover\*\*\*

\*\*\*Update 26/05/23: A hand-made typography for lettering your comics, with regular and bold variations, has been added!\*\*\*
