Title: Dreams - Preset Pack for the Teenage Engineering OP-1 field

Markdown Content:
### Dreams - Preset Pack for the Teenage Engineering OP-1 field

23 ratings

I want this!

23 ratings

Welcome to Dreams

Dreams is a preset pack for the Teenage Engineering OP-1 field designed as a toolkit for ambient, downtempo, and ethereal music.

Inspired by the sounds of Boards of Canada, Distasterpiece, Tycho, and Brian Eno, it marries dusty vinyl drums with warbly vinyl instruments to create a oneiric sonic engine.

Dreams is compatible with the OP-1 field, as it uses stereo samples and the field's effects.

What's in Dreams?

28 acoustic kits (14 clean and 14 lo-fi versions)  
14 chord kits with 2 chord progressions per kit (sampled in C Maj and C Min)  
3 electronic drum kits with 3 kits per file  
16 multi-sampled instrument kits including guitar, rhodes, brass, keys, and more  
10 vocal kits (sampled in C Maj and C Min)  
54 OP-1 field synth presets  
10 basses, 7 leads, 8 pads, 18 polyphonic synths, 8 sample instruments, and 3 strings

Your Very Own Oneiric Engine

Dreams can be used for many different ambient and downtempo styles, and if you want, even genres of house, trap, and more. I tried to make it all work together as effortlessly as possible.

I hope you enjoy dreaming with Dreams.

I want this!

Presets for the OP-1 field: 28 acoustic kits, 4 chord kits, 3 electronic drum kits, 16 multi-sampled instrument kits, 54 OP-1 field synth presets

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

96%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

4%

1 star

0%
