Title: Psyscope pro full version license for WINDOWS 64

Markdown Content:
### Psyscope pro full version license for WINDOWS 64

87 ratings

Buy this

87 ratings

Psyscope Pro is a windows x64 multi-track and routing free  synced oscilloscope vst3 plugin  
and also a multi frequency analyzer that allows to see individual, layered, stacked or /and summed input signals.

Please read full description, take time to fully test free demo to ensure it fits your setup/needs at:  
  
and read full FAQ and licenses policy, or contact for any additional question before buying at  
  
Product includes:  
Psyscope file download, 1 license/account activation provided by mail that allows to register on up to 2 machines, and life-time free updates.

Please note Gumroad displays excl vat price.  
VAT is applied to all EU and UK purchases by law and varies depending on the country of purchase.

Refund policy: all sales are final. This is user responsability to fully read product description, fully test demo, and fully read License policies to ensure it fits its requirements and expectations before buying.

Buy thisNo refunds allowed

### Ratings

5 stars

98%

4 stars

1%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

1%

---

Title: FX23 – Fx23 – Vst plugins –

Markdown Content:
FX23 – Fx23 – Vst plugins –

Aller au contenu principal

FX23

Fx23 – Vst plugins –

Menu

*   HOME
*   PSYLAB Ouvrir le sous-menu
    *   Psylab Pro
    *   Downloads
    *   Buy
    *   User area
    *   Tutorials
*   PSYSCOPE Ouvrir le sous-menu
    *   Psyscope Pro
    *   User area
*   PSYPHAZ Ouvrir le sous-menu
    *   PsyPhaZ Pro
*   FREE VSTS
*   CONTACT
*   LOGIN
*   FX23

Vst plugins

**_PsyScope_**  
_Multi-track synced oscilloscope and frequency analyser_

**_PsyLab_**  
_Advanced Kick bass oriented cubic bezier synthesizer_

**_PsyPhaZ_**  
_Multi-tool advanced phase, spectral, duck n shape utility_

back to top

Facebook-f Youtube Soundcloud Envelope

© 2019-2025 All Rights Reserved.

Fièrement propulsé par WordPress

This website uses cookies to improve user experience.  
Ce site utilise des cookies pour ameliorer l'expérience utilisateur.  
Veuillez prendre connaissance de la politique d'utilisation des données:  
Politique de confidentialité  
ACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Fermer

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...

Necessary

 Necessary

Toujours activé

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 

Non-necessary

 Non-necessary

Enregistrer & appliquer
