Title: Duck Buddy 2 by Slynk

Markdown Content:
BUY WITH PAYPAL ON MY WEBSITE  

* * *

Video: 

Duck Buddy 2 is a MaxForLive device designed to make sidechain compression ridiculously accurate, flexible and easy. Customize your gain reduction shape, add ring modulation sidechain from an audio source and scale your gain reduction with MIDI velocity. Copy and paste your gain reduction shape from one Duck Buddy to another. Smoothly fade the volume down with lookahead to avoid clicks. It's easy.

**Why use Duck Buddy 2?**  
VST sidechain compression plugins like Volume Shaper and LFOTool all have the same workflow problem. You can't pick a MIDI channel directly on the VST, you have to route MIDI to it. That means, every time you add another Volume Shaper, you need to set up another external instrument in your Drum Rack to send MIDI to it. Ain't nobody got time for that! With Duck Buddy 2, select your inputs once and then copy/paste it anywhere in your project that you want to sidechain. No additional setup is needed.

Thanks for checking it out. I hope you enjoy it!  
\- Slynk

* * *

### FAQ

Q: **Make Duck Buddy 2 multiband please**?  
A: Create your own frequency split rack in Ableton and put a Duck Buddy 2 on each band. Tada! Now you have a multiband Duck Buddy 2. I'd recommend using EQ3s to make the freqsplit rack but if you are interested in adding 64ms of unnecessary latency to your project, free free to use Pro Q3s in linear phase mode to create a split rack LOL!

Q: Can I use this in FL Studio or some other DAW? / Can you make a VST version?  
A: No. The VST framework doesn't provide what dB2 needs to work so it's **_impossible_** to make a VST version that works on any other DAW.

Q: Does this work with Ableton Live Standard/Intro?  
A: No. You need MaxForLive (which only comes with Ableton Live Suite) for this to work.

Q: Can you make a version that works in Ableton Live 9 or 10?  
A: No. Ableton Live versions 10 and below are packaged with an older version of MaxForLive which doesn't have all the features dB2 requires.

Q: I found a bug / I have an idea for a feature! How can I tell you about it?  
A: Join my Discord server and hit me up in the #maxforlive or #bug-reports channels with as much detail as possible. I'll get back to you as soon as I can.

Q: Duck Buddy 2 forgot my inputs! I found a bug!  
A: Congratulations, you've found the same bug I've been dealing with for the last 15 years or so. I call it The Rack Bug.

> **The Rack Bug**  
> When DB2 is inside a rack and you copy/paste (CMD+C/CMD+V) the rack, the DB2 in the newly pasted rack will have forgotten the MIDI and Audio inputs you selected. I'm pretty sure I can't fix this behaviour from my end. Why? You can observe the same bug with the stock Ableton Compressor. When it's inside a rack and you copy/paste the rack, the compressor forgets the sidechain channel you had selected. So it seems to be a bug with racks themselves.
> 
> **The Rack Bug Workaround**  
> Don't copy/paste racks. Instead duplicate the rack with CMD+D. Or you can hold CMD and drag & drop the rack to duplicate it. Duplicating the rack allows DB2 and the stock Ableton compressor to remember the inputs, for whatever reason LOL.

* * *

Change Log

Jan 12, 2025 - V2.03:

*   Added Push support.
*   The lookahead length in samples was sometimes calculated as a fraction which was then being truncated, leading to it being 1 sample too short and causing clicks at 44.1khz sample rate. I fixed this by rounding instead of truncating.
*   You can now macro Lookahead, Length & Time Mode controls in a rack.
*   The Smooth control's range (0–100) only had 100 possible steps. Corrected to 101 to include 0.

Nov 26, 2024 - V2.02:

*   Editing the shape by clicking the shape with your mouse triggers DB2 to remember the shape. But using the paste and clear buttons wasn't. This means your shape will be forgotten the next time you load the project. I fixed this by adding an additional step to the paste and clear buttons so that they also update the shape memory.

Nov 25, 2024 - V2.01:

*   The lookahead fade begins at 0 dB and goes down to -inf dB. So if you trigger a new gain reduction shape before the previous one has finished, you can get a nasty click because the gain is instantly jumping up to 0 dB to begin the lookahead fade. I fixed this by starting the lookahead fade from the last known gain reduction level.
*   In velocity mode and at RM amounts higher than 100%, the RM gain reduction was able to push down past the GR shape. I fixed this by clipping the bottom of the RM signal at the depth of the GR shape. Also, RM smoothing was not being scaled correctly in velocity mode. I fixed that too.

Nov 22, 2024 - V2.00:

*   Duck Buddy 2 released! Yay!  
    
* * *

Stay notified about future packs -   
Follow me on Instagram -   
Buy my music and merch on Bandcamp -   
Stream my music on Spotify -   
I teach music production lessons. Interested? Apply here - 

---

Title: Invalid Dynamic Link

Warning: Target URL returned error 400: Bad Request

Markdown Content:
Requested URL must be a parsable and complete DynamicLink.

If you are the developer of this app, ensure that your Dynamic Links domain is correctly configured and that the path component of this URL is valid.

---

Title: Home - Slynk

Markdown Content:
Home - Slynk

*   Contact
*   FAQ
*   Legal

0 Items

*   Login / Register
*   Services
*   Music
    *   Releases
    *   Mixtapes
*   Tour
*   Shop
    *   All Products
    *   Ableton Stuff
    *   Sample Packs
    *   Project Files
*   0 items

Select Page

Slynk.net

It’s funky fresh!

Hey, so, if you’re interested in music production, you’ve gotta check out the shop and get my **_Slynk’s Essential Ableton Toolbox_**. The initial response has been overwhelmingly positive. I’ve spotted some big names using my racks including Stickybuds, Anomalie and Vaughn Oliver (producer for Kim Petras). These guys use my racks because they’re great for any genre of music, they are easy to use and they really really don’t suck. What are you waiting for? Click that button, buy my Toolbox and stop producing like a noob.

###### btw sorry in advance if this website sucks. i made it myself and i’m a fkn music producer/dj – not a web developer but at the same time i think i did a pretty decent job so you can just deal with it.

Download Slynk's Essential Ableton Tool Box!Take me to the mailing list sign up form

New Single

More releases here!

See All Releases

newest mixtape

Listen to, download and view the tracklist for more mixtapes here.

See All Mixtapes

Follow SLYNK

Find more Slynk music on these platforms. Don’t forget to follow!

Join us

Want to connect with the Slynk community?

My discord server is basically the center of operations. I post demos of my new tracks, I post notifications when a new Youtube tutorial drops, we brainstorm new ideas and have little production challenges occasionally and more.

If you’re a hardcore Slynk fan, you need to be on my discord server.

Join the Discord Server

This is where I post all of my Ableton music production tutorials, many of which get featured on the official Ableton website. I’ve also got 2 full length albums that you can only listen to on Youtube. You should probably check it out.

Don’t forget to absolutely DESTROY that subscribe button.

Take me to Slynk's Youtube channel

Our private Facebook group, “Slynk Bugs” is weird and hilarious world where the conversation is mostly about mayonnaise for some reason.

Come and hang out.

Honestly, I wouldn't recommend joining but here is the link anyway

Friends & Affiliates

These awesome companies have actively supported Slynk. Please consider checking them out!

You guys know, Ableton is my digital audio workstation of choice. In my opinion, it has the best workflow. Just drag and drop! Forget those annoying right-click menus. Sketch out an idea in minutes, not hours. Ableton have actively supported me, featuring many of my Ableton tutorials on their website and Facebook page. Thanks Ableton!

Learn more about Ableton

You can spend thousands on monitors and audio acoustic treatment for your studio and still not get a perfect reproduction of your deep bass frequencies. That’s where the Subpac comes in. It really makes you feel like you’re standing in front of a huge stack of subs at a festival. It’s insane. I know it sounds like a weird gimmick but trust me, it’s one of the most valuable tools in my studio.

Why don't you have a Subpac?!

Creator of some of the most innovative audio tools I’ve ever seen, namely their “Regroover” software. It uses artificial intelligence to dig inside your samples and extract it into layers. This is so next level because you can isolate just the kick drum out of a fully mixed drum loop for example. So many possibilities. Check it out!

14 Day free trial of Accusonus Regroover

Kilohearts have a different, more modular approach to VST plugins. They use a host called “Snap Heap” to then load mini VST effects. Snap Heap has 4 serial busses, 8 macro knobs, 2 LFOs, 2 Envelops (with built in envelope follower), a keyboard map and midi controls built in for you to change the way the modules react. Their host, Multipass, takes things to the next level with 5 bands so you can affect different parts of the frequency spectrum differently. Sounds pretty crazy right? That’s because it is.

Get 10% off everything at Kilohearts!

Want to up your finger drumming or keyboard skills? Melodics is training software with a huge library of targeted lessons designed to get you ready for live performance. It’s like Guitar Hero, but instead of getting good with a plastic guitar, you’re learning real skills with actual equipment that you use in your live performances. And it’s free!.

First month of Melodics Premium for $1!

Splice is a sick company. They have a platform which allows you to share your projects files with friends and collab easier. They have a giant online sample library which is tagged and easily searchable. And you can also rent to own plugins if you’re on a budget. Splice should be your best friend.

Splice Sounds Free Trial

Do you like the things I do?

Why not buy me a coffee? I could probably use it coz this shit is hard work son.

*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow
*   Follow

© All Content Is Copyright | Slynk

This site uses cookies to deliver products to you and make your experience smoother. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Legal Pages. Your use of this website is subject to these policies and terms. I get it

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

Necessary

 Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

Non-necessary

 Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT
