Title: Subscribe to Piotr Toczynski on Gumroad

Markdown Content:
### **Explainer Video**

Watch the launch video to learn about all the juicy details 😄

### **What presets are in the pack?**

1.  Essential Motion (40 presets)
2.  Extended Motion (32 presets)
3.  Essential Exports (17 presets)
4.  Template Project Files and Folders (6 templates)
5.  Template Folder Structure (2 templates)
6.  Essential Metadata Overlays (10 presets) \[video demonstration\]
7.  Metadata Display (6 presets)
8.  Essential Guides (12 presets)
9.  Essential Lumetri (16 presets)
10.  Essential Picture-in-Picture (16 presets) \[video demonstration\]
11.  Essential Tracks (9 presets)
12.  Essential Labels (3 presets)
13.  Essential Text Styles (10 presets)
14.  Essential Audio (16 presets)
15.  Essential Miscellaneous (12 presets)
16.  CTTP Shortcuts Layout (1 shortcuts file)

Overall it's 208 presets that will speed up your editing process.

**And you can use them however you want - for a video from vacation or a TV commercial you're cutting for a big ad agency.**

Additionally, if you purchase the $59 version, you will have access to future updates, including new presets that I will be adding to the pack. You will also be able to submit preset requests through a form I have created. **This means the pack will continue to expand over the years!**

* * *

Often when we get a plugin or a preset to improve our editing arsenals, we are fixing a problem, but we're also adding an extra step. It's time for you to switch it up and actually save time while editing.

We're fixing a non-creative problem: you're wasting time! Stop:

*   creating new keyframes for every zoom you want to add to a clip,
*   clicking 10 times to set the guides just the way you need them,
*   re-applying Warp Stabilizer with default settings.

With Ultimate Presets you will start saving time today and it will add up in the long run. Think about the many things you can do with extra time: finally watch that last season of Seinfeld, learn to play the octobass, get married to that girl you've been dating for 12 years (it's time)... so many possibilities!

### **Versatile**

Almost all of the presets can be used on adjustment layers which lets you apply this effect to multiple layers (ie. graphics) at the same time.

To apply the presets you simply drag and drop from the Effects panel.

### **Fast render time**

All of the presets are GPU-accelerated and resolution-independent.

You can use them in 4K, UHD, 1080p timelines, and for vertical and square aspect ratios.

### **Customizable**

You can access keyframes and adjust the speed if you need to.

With anchor-type information provided, you can make changes to presets easily and have total control over the results.

All **208 presets** are as flexible as we could have made them: resolution-independent, easily accessible keyframes, can be used in a wide variety of scenarios and they're all GPU accelerated.
