Title: Essential Lut Pack

Markdown Content:
### **Here's a before & after of all the LUTs:**

### **The Essential Lut Pack by Sandro Niosi**

This are my ESSENTIAL LUTs for Rec709 footage that I use on a daily basis to give my footage the best timeless look.

**Tested to work on Sony, Canon, Blackmagic, RED and Arri cameras.**

These LUTs are designed to give you a clean cinematic timeless look like I do for all kind of shooting scenarios including Indoor, Outdoor, Sunrise, Sunset, Landscape and Documentary Filmmaking without having to spend hours grading your footage.

**My personal recommendation would be:** Try playing with the LUT intensity in a range from 50% to 100% to find the perfect balance for achieving a great look in most situations.

**What's inside?**

*   5 stylized LUTs for Rec709 (.cube files)**– ESSES | IMOLA | INTERLAGOS | LUSAIL | MISANO**
    
*   1 Neutral LUT for SLOG3 footage (.cube files)
*   Compatible with Adobe Premiere, Final Cut X, DaVinci Resolve, Photoshop, and any other software that utilizes 3D LUTs.
*   A 30 minute mini course detailing:
    *   My personal color grading workflow based on DaVinci Resolve and Premiere Pro
    *   How to make any LUT work with any footage.
    *   How to use conversion LUTs to get the most out of your LOG footage
    *   Extra tips and tricks I use to make my videos stand out!  
        
**Will there be future updates included?**

YES! Whenever I make updates to this collection, you’ll get an email with the download link, ensuring you always have the latest version.

**Why are there only Rec709 Versions?**

I believe that quality color grading is about taking the right steps – not shortcuts.

Applying a stylized look straight onto log footage misses essential grading stages.

Working with Rec709 LUTs gives more control and lets creators using different cameras and brands get the same, consistent results.

It’s all about achieving the best outcome, no matter the setup.
