Title: Video Production Template for Notion

Markdown Content:
### Video Production Template for Notion

22 ratings

Buy this

22 ratings

A Notion template designed to complement your video content creation workflow. The Video Production Template is perfect for creators who produce long-form content on YouTube and need a comprehensive workflow to **develop**, **track**, and **organize projects**.

* * *

### The Video Production Template features:

*   **Video Project Template**: This comprehensive guided template will take you through the production process. It covers ideation, research, script writing, shot list, and performance tracking.
*   **Project Tracker**: Easily capture new ideas, manage your project queue, and set up a production calendar with this simple tool.
*   **Real-world projects**: Learn from real-world examples by content creator Matthew Encina. See how he creates some of his most popular videos for his YouTube channel.
*   **Bonus Materials:** Includes Matthew's folder structure template, and script writing template.  
    
### The Video Production Template will help you:

*   **Create videos like a professional.** Use a workflow that has been developed in the TV and film industry, adapted for modern content creators.
*   **Develop compelling concepts for your content.** Take your initial idea and refine it through the development process.
*   **Streamline your ideas and projects.** Keep all of your ideas in one central location and manage them through your production pipeline.
*   **Establish a consistent workflow.** Always know the next steps for each project.

### How it Works

1.  **Capture your idea.** Do you have a new content idea? Create a new project using the template and capture your idea by providing a title and a brief overview.
2.  **Add it to your queue.** Save your idea in the queue of the Project Tracker. When you're ready to prioritize the project, move it from the "queue" to "priority".
3.  **Develop your concept.** Turn your rough idea into a strong concept through the research and development process using the prompts in the template.
4.  **Write your script.** Create the skeleton for your video as an outline. Then flesh out your script using the template.
5.  **Plan your shoot.** Build your shot list and know exactly what you're going to capture for your video.
6.  **Publish your video.** Finalize your title and thumbnail, and publish your video on YouTube. Then move your project to "Done" in your Project Tracker.
7.  **Track your progress.** Monitor and track your video performance over time. Reflect and learn from completed projects and apply them to future ones.

#### **ABOUT THE AUTHOR**

The template I use for every video project.

Hello, I'm Matthew Encina, a creative director and content creator with a professional career spanning over two decades.

Throughout my time in the creative industry, I've had the pleasure of directing projects for notable clients such as Xbox, Playstation, Webflow, and Coldplay. I've directed on set, led teams through the production process, and have gained a lot of knowledge about project management.

I also create content on YouTube, with my own channel reaching millions of viewers. Previously, I served as the Chief Content Officer at The Futur, playing a key role in growing their YouTube channel to over a million subscribers.

I created the Video Production Template to help me develop and manage all of my video projects, and this is the exact system I use when working alone or with a team.

Learn more about me at matthewencina.com.

See it in Action

Watch this overview video to see how I use this Notion template in my content creation process.

Buy this

Your purchase will give you access to the Video Production Template for Notion. Details of what's included below.

##### Video Project Template

This comprehensive guided Notion template will take you through the production process. It covers ideation, research, script writing, shot list, and performance tracking.

##### Project Tracker

Easily capture new ideas, manage your project queue, and set up a production calendar with this simple Notion setup.

##### Real-world projects

Learn from real-world examples by content creator Matthew Encina. See how he creates some of his most popular videos for his YouTube channel.

##### Bonus Material

Video folder structure template, and Script writing template in Google Docs.

30-day money back guarantee

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%
