Title: 1 Hour Consultation With Charles Floate

Markdown Content:
Whether you own affiliate websites, run an agency, ECommerce store or are just looking to get **the highest level of SEO expertise in the world**.

Charles Floate's consulting sessions will guarantee you improve your knowledge, get results and walk away with a stronger and more confident understanding of SEO than ever before.

Charles has over a decade of experience in digital marketing, has helped thousands of websites gain organic traffic, built a multi-million dollar affiliate portfolio and has published close to 500 different articles & case studies across the SEO industry.

Charles is one of the most respected black hat internet marketers on the planet, has spoken at 40+ conferences across three continents and has won multiple awards in SEO, blogging and business.

If you book a session with him, you'll get quick, actionable information in a no time wasted call that gets straight to the answers you've been looking for.

### What Is Covered?

It doesn't matter if you're looking to live audit your or your client's sites, want to improve your overall strategies or just want to make sure you've got everything right - Charles will prepare everything before the call and make sure it runs smoothly.

Charles highest areas of knowledge:

*   ECommerce SEO
*   Link Building
*   Agency SEO
*   Affiliate SEO / Affiliate Marketing
*   Black Hat SEO
*   YouTube SEO
*   Twitter Marketing
*   Content Marketing
*   OnPage Optimization / Content Optimization
*   Technical SEO

### How Does This Work?

**1 -** You send an email to Charles with exactly what you want to be covered in your consultation, your timezone and preferred dates.

**2 -** Charles will send you information back on how to get a good time for both of you to book a session and start planning any material he'll need for your consult.

**3 -** You'll then get an hour (or more if you bought a bundle) on Skype/Zoom (Or your preferred video conferencing app) to go through everything you want to be covered.

**4 -** Charles uploads the recorded session, shares it with you and follows up on any additional things you may have discussed in the call.

### 100% Money-Back Guarantee

If for whatever reason you are not totally satisfied with the information I have given you and the results you get from my advice, then I am happy to offer you a FULL money back guarantee.
